the turkish army has no risk interest in the risks implied participation in the fighting in iraq sectarian . 
erdogan has no intention of left drawn to this trap . 
the cost small to non tax vote makes rational it to vote everyone and establishes simultaneously social a standard of voting . 
the australian want to be forced to vote . 
moreover , business an atmosphere inflexible light and family for the is no longer the only option for women who work . 
over the last year , they and a half the $ 1 trillion 1.8 , with the highest far the world . 
the paradox is but reserves of that today are not riches that can be real used to local stimulate the economy . 
most us likely experience of both a slowdown , as occurred in the light recession of the past two years . 
but we not embrace to be carbon taxes . 
yes what is we know that chinese authorities never faced a challenge of a this magnitude such potential to for winning or prestige lose . 
all of this raises the question of whether china by will replace power the us as the world and that defines the rules applies to the global economy . 
this is unsustainable , and eventually precipitate of a confrontation with the us proportions ( and europe ) . 
the more centralized political power is not , of the central hinder the development of markets . 
instead , political integration could have opposed an effect on the development of markets . 
but it fell out now seems has into trouble and also again weaken wants the pact . 
and china , for their part , will develop their financial markets and their financial assets ability to generate internally high - quality . 
it is preferable clearly , the second option . 
the asian financial crisis and devaluation in early brazilian did 1999 that argentine the burden was overvalued decidedly . 
there up a current - account deficit and debt burden a foreign that literally were proportions of greek . 
all of this has been possible because it has been seen as , the viewed parameters , as historical exceptional a period of political stability . 
so far , cameroon or in chad , or in governments have been loath to any publish record of relative income to project pipeline 's . 
for now starters , the us - a friend , and real ally in the élysée palace . 
this period would of time to both in the union turkey as reconciled a chance to . 
what it gives rise to the strongest emotions is the muslim population of turkey . 
fears that it is also a day islamists turn to turkey at a fundamentalist state . 
the european central bank , established in 1998 's term , has run the new currency to maintain price stability the . 
between 2000 and 2005 , the dollar has lost 25 % more of its value to the euro . 
to an serious downturn , a wish country can implement a traditional keynesian political through massive fiscal stimulus in and financed by deficit . 
moreover , the current economic crisis has become made to talk about the need for the european union that competition to have - tax . 
countries with large could income it as a reason enough to want out . 
he has never get to been easy economic agreements international . 
for young citizens , particularly islamists , outlets normal for political involvement closed have . 
how much first , capacity to conventional war must retain the us ? 
this strategy has endured a base on bipartisan in america , opinion polls and even show that has an wide acceptance in japan . 
nevertheless , the alliance faces challenges three in major context a new external . 
what can prevent deteriorates the situation will more and perhaps in a systemic crisis ? 
but where is , precisely , the core of the new economy ? 
of it is not surprising that more than half of more companies are respected us . 
there why the meant to trust wwii any in the future ? 
could remove have to subsidies that in the late they wrong to release programs funds for specific more effective and of fighting poverty and job creation . 
according to the world food program , 70 % the population 's lack food security of . 
in such in theory , areas could be the eliminated equal about half of the , educational gap building schools for girls . 
it is estimated that the benefits are being six times higher than the costs . 
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the electoral outcome . 
women who competing in the labor market usually efforts at support challenging the moral double sexual and strongly doom harassment the sexual . 
after all , women some have had long force and time the will to reach of the top . 
as wants to be , a key factor unions are for the evolution of our economic system and in 2008 in the years ahead . 
there is no doubt that the world has seen progress in some fronts over the last decade . 
in general but the gaps are great of inequality in many cases and further are growing . 
unfortunately , it will most likely that the summit is lost an opportunity . 
nowhere near global warming leading is our environmental threat . 
and economic models show that so many france has lost jobs or more from additional the costs of the subsidies . 
this situation has lasted for two decades . 
so uribe , could not defended by the new military deal . 
the way that he is in the electoral process conducted in zimbabwe from march has been a non continuation of a government constitutional . 
