the turkish army has no interest in take risks implied participation in the fighting sectarian in iraq . 
erdogan has no intention of left to this trap drawn . 
the small tax cost to non vote makes it rational for everyone vote and simultaneously provides a standard of social vote . 
the australian to be forced to vote . 
moreover , an uncompromising business environment and the family to light already is not the only option for women who work . 
over the last year between , and came at 1.8 trillion dollars , with far the world 's largest . 
but the paradox is that today 's reserves are no real riches that they can use to stimulate the local economy . 
most likely us experience a much of downturn , as occurred in the recession light of the past two years . 
but that we are not embrace taxes carbon . 
what do know is that the chinese authorities ever faced a challenge of this magnitude with a potential for akin to gain or lose prestige . 
all this raises the question of whether china will replace by us power as the world that defines and applied rules of the global economy . 
this is unsustainable , and eventually precipitate confrontation of proportions with america ( and europe ) . 
is the more centralized political power more , not hinder the central development of markets . 
instead , political integration could have an impact on the opposite development of markets . 
but now appears that america has again into trouble and also want to weaken the pact . 
and china , for their part , will develop their financial markets and its capacity to asset high - quality financial internally . 
clearly , the second option is preferable . 
the asian financial crisis and devaluation brazilian in early 1999 during the weight argentine was decidedly overvalued . 
had a cumulative deficit - account and a - debt burden that were literally of greek proportions . 
it is possible because it has seen , considered the parameters historical , as an exceptional period of political stability . 
until now , or in cameroon , chad or in governments have been willing to publish no record of revenue relative to the pipeline project . 
for starters , america now possesses a real friend and ally in the élysée palace . 
this period of time to turkey thus would like to the timing of a union reconciled . 
what gives rise to emotions is stronger population of muslim turkey . 
it also fears that day islamists turn into a state on turkey fundamentalist . 
the european central bank , established in 1998 , has the mandate for managing the new currency to keep the price stability . 
between 2000 and 2005 , the dollar 's most lost 25 % of its value against the euro . 
in a serious downturn , a country may want to a keynesian political traditional through massive fiscal stimulus in and financed through deficit . 
moreover , the current economic crisis has , it becomes to speak of the need to the european union has competition in tax . 
high - income countries might it as a reason enough to want out . 
has never been easy get to economic international agreements . 
for young citizens , particularly islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed . 
first , how much capacity to conventional war must retain us ? 
this strategy has endured on a foundation bipartisan in america , and polls show that still possesses a wide acceptance in japan . 
nevertheless , the alliance faces three major challenges in a new external environment . 
what can prevent the situation deteriorates and more will probably on a systemic crisis ? 
but what , exactly , where is the heart of the new economy ? 
it 's not surprising that over half of the most respected companies are americans . 
why was meant to the wwii confidence in any future ? 
eliminating that might subsidies to that end wrong to release funds to programs more and effective from and fight against poverty , and job creation . 
by the world food program , 70 % of the population does lack food security . 
in theory , in these areas could be eliminated , roughly half of the education gap schools for building girls . 
estimates that is the benefits are being six times higher than costs . 
indeed , many observers believe that women will shape the election results . 
women to compete in the labor market usually support efforts to the double challenging moral and sexual doom the strongly sexual harassment . 
after all , women have some long time and force of will come to the top . 
to be as , unions are a key evolution of our economic system in 2008 and in the years ahead . 
no doubt that the world has been some progress in front in the recent decades . 
but in the form of large gaps general inequality and in many cases are growing further . 
unfortunately , it is more likely than the summit is an opportunity lost . 
in global warming is far our main environmental threat . 
and economic models show that france has lost much or more jobs from the costs of the extra subsidies . 
this has lasted for two decades . 
so , could not defended uribe 's new deal military . 
the way in which has been conducted in zimbabwe electoral the process from march has been a continuing non - a constitutional government . 